[AI] Added OpenAI temperature description (#321)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/ai_actions/work_with_ai_actions.md

- **Length of prompt output** -  sets a maximum number of words of the generated result

- **Temperature** - controls the randomness of the response.
Takes a value between 0 and 2, but the usual range is between 0 and 1.

> The higher the temperature, the more random is the output.

Reviewer: or:

```suggestion
The output is more random at higher temperatures.
```
